W-22295336-FIPS-140-3-49-dm (#3340)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/fips-140-3-compliance-support.adoc

= FIPS 140-3 Compliance Support
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: fips, certifications, security, fips-140-3

Run Mule 4 in a Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) 140-3 certified environment by enabling approved cryptography providers and runtime settings.
Use this guide to install BC-FJA, enable FIPS mode, and configure TLS and keystore formats for compliant deployments.
These steps help you meet federal cryptography requirements while keeping runtime behavior predictable across environments.

Mule doesn't run in FIPS security mode by default.  To use FIPS security mode:

* Install a certified cryptography module in your Java environment.
* Adjust Mule runtime settings to run in FIPS security mode.

== Compatibility

FIPS 140-3 support requires:

> * Mule 4.11 or later (for earlier versions of Mule runtime, use xref:fips-140-2-compliance-support.adoc[FIPS 140-2 Compliance Support])

Author: ```suggestion
* Mule 4.11.4 or later (for earlier versions of Mule runtime, use xref:fips-140-2-compliance-support.adoc[FIPS 140-2 Compliance Support])
```

> * Mule 4.11.4 or later (for earlier versions of Mule runtime, use xref:fips-140-2-compliance-support.adoc[FIPS 140-2 Compliance Support])

Author: ```suggestion
* Mule 4.9.17 or later (for earlier versions of Mule runtime, use xref:fips-140-2-compliance-support.adoc[FIPS 140-2 Compliance Support])
```
